CAST-34524 Fix for very hazardous typo (#5393)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/utility_storage/Troubleshoot_Ceph_New_RGW_Deployment_Failing.md

Reviewer: It would be good to add a link to this doc in 
troubleshooting/README.md

Author: Added this, let me know if that looks like the correct spot.

# Troubleshoot Ceph New RGW Deployment Failing

Troubleshoot an issue where a new RGW deployment is failing because of an address already in use. This bug corrupts the health of the Ceph cluster.

Return the Ceph cluster to a healthy state by resolving issues with failing deployment.

## Prerequisites

This procedure requires admin privileges.

> 

Reviewer 2: I would reorganize the document by adding a section to verify the error.

```
## Verify Ceph is deploying a second RGW deployment
<add your ceph -W cephadm output from below>

I would also suggest running the command `ceph orch ps --deamon_type rgw`. Check that the rgw deployment running has a different name than the one attempting to deploy as observed by `ceph -W cephadm`.

If this is the problem being observed, continue to the next section to resolve this error.

## Procedure to resolve two RGW deployments
```

Author: Just made these changes, let me know if it all looks good now :)

## Procedure

See [Collect Information about the Ceph Cluster](Collect_Information_About_the_Ceph_Cluster.md) for more information on how to interpret the output of the Ceph commands used in this procedure.

> 1. Log on to the manager nodes via `ssh`.
> 
>     The commands in the next step will need to be run on each manager node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Log on to a master node or `ncn-s001/2/3` to run the following commands.
```

1. Check that the issue is occuring

    1. Check the ceph admin tool

>         This command needs to be run on a manager node to determine if the issue is occurring.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

        2024-09-20T19:04:57.576404+0000 mgr.ncn-s002.mneqjy [ERR] Failed while placing rgw.site1.zone1.ncn-s001.rdtynd on ncn-s001: cephadm exited with an error code: 1, stderr: Non-zero exit code 125 from /usr/bin/podman container inspect --format {{.State.Status}} ceph-56cdd77c-7184-11ef-9f67-42010afc0104-rgw-site1-zone1-ncn-s001-rdtynd
        /usr/bin/podman: stderr Error: no such container ceph-56cdd77c-7184-11ef-9f67-42010afc0104-rgw-site1-zone1-ncn-s001-rdtynd
        Non-zero exit code 125 from /usr/bin/podman container inspect --format {{.State.Status}} ceph-56cdd77c-7184-11ef-9f67-42010afc0104-rgw.site1.zone1.ncn-s001.rdtynd
        /usr/bin/podman: stderr Error: no such container ceph-56cdd77c-7184-11ef-9f67-42010afc0104-rgw.site1.zone1.ncn-s001.rdtynd
        Deploy daemon rgw.site1.zone1.ncn-s001.rdtynd ...
        Verifying port 8080 ...
        Cannot bind to IP 0.0.0.0 port 8080: [Errno 98] Address already in use
        ERROR: TCP Port(s) '8080' required for rgw already in use
        ```

        Note the name of the daemon for the next step, in this case `rgw.site1.zone1`

> 1. Remove the conflicting daemon

Reviewer 2: I think here we should advise that rgw.site1.zone1 be removed and just site1 be used moving forward since that is how are deployments are now. This way, they ideally, should not hit this problem again.

Author: Just made these changes, let me know if it all looks good now :)

# Troubleshoot Ceph New RGW Deployment Failing

Troubleshoot an issue where a new RGW deployment is failing because of an address already in use. This bug corrupts the health of the Ceph cluster.

Return the Ceph cluster to a healthy state by resolving issues with failing deployment.

## Prerequisites

This procedure requires admin privileges.

## Procedure

See [Collect Information about the Ceph Cluster](Collect_Information_About_the_Ceph_Cluster.md) for more information on how to interpret the output of the Ceph commands used in this procedure.

### Verify Ceph is deploying a second RGW deployment

1. Log on to a master node or `ncn-s001/2/3` to run the following commands.

> 1. Check that the issue is occuring

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Observe that a Ceph RGW deployment is failing to deploy because the address is already in use.
```

>     1. Check the ceph admin tool

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. Use the `cephadm` logs to see if this error is occurring. The command below is following the `cephadm` logs. It may take a minute or two for the Ceph to attempt to deploy RGW and for the error to appear.
```

        2024-09-20T19:04:57.576404+0000 mgr.ncn-s002.mneqjy [ERR] Failed while placing rgw.site1.zone1.ncn-s001.rdtynd on ncn-s001: cephadm exited with an error code: 1, stderr: Non-zero exit code 125 from /usr/bin/podman container inspect --format {{.State.Status}} ceph-56cdd77c-7184-11ef-9f67-42010afc0104-rgw-site1-zone1-ncn-s001-rdtynd
        /usr/bin/podman: stderr Error: no such container ceph-56cdd77c-7184-11ef-9f67-42010afc0104-rgw-site1-zone1-ncn-s001-rdtynd
        Non-zero exit code 125 from /usr/bin/podman container inspect --format {{.State.Status}} ceph-56cdd77c-7184-11ef-9f67-42010afc0104-rgw.site1.zone1.ncn-s001.rdtynd
        /usr/bin/podman: stderr Error: no such container ceph-56cdd77c-7184-11ef-9f67-42010afc0104-rgw.site1.zone1.ncn-s001.rdtynd
        Deploy daemon rgw.site1.zone1.ncn-s001.rdtynd ...
        Verifying port 8080 ...
        Cannot bind to IP 0.0.0.0 port 8080: [Errno 98] Address already in use
        ERROR: TCP Port(s) '8080' required for rgw already in use
        ```

        **Note** the name of the daemon attempting to deploy for the next step, in this case `rgw.site1.zone1`

>         **Also Note** that `rgw.site1.zone1` should no longer be used and instead replaced with `rgw.site1` instead to avoid conflicting deployments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Move this comment to the next section, I think it is more clear to have it when removing one of the deployments.

    1. Verify that the running daemon has a different name than the one attempting to deploy

>         Check the running daemon with the following command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Check the names of the running daemons with the following command.
```

        ```bash
        ceph orch ps --daemon_type rgw
        ```

        Example output:

        ```bash
        NAME                       HOST      PORTS   STATUS        REFRESHED  AGE  MEM USE  MEM LIM  VERSION  IMAGE ID      CONTAINER ID
        rgw.site1.ncn-s001.xoaosp  ncn-s001  *:8080  running (6d)     7m ago   6d     516M        -  17.2.6   6eebe3129025  fdd8842a0b16
        rgw.site1.ncn-s002.qsibkp  ncn-s002  *:8080  running (6d)     7m ago   6d     478M        -  17.2.6   6eebe3129025  86bd2327ab81
        rgw.site1.ncn-s003.hwiydc  ncn-s003  *:8080  running (4d)     3m ago   4d     412M        -  17.2.6   6eebe3129025  fb89e37f1ec8
        ```

>         Ex. in this example verify that `rgw.site1` is not the same as `rgw.site1.zone1`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        In this example, observe that the name of the running RGW deployment is `rgw.site1`. This is different than the RGW  deployment that is trying to be deployed above which has the name `rgw.site1.zone1`.
```

        If the error is occuring and the running daemon has a different name than the one attempting to deploy continue on to resolve the two RGW deployments.

### Procedure to resolve two RGW deployments

1. Remove the conflicting daemon

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** The RGW deployment in CSM should be named `rgw.site1`. The deployment that should be removed should have a name other than `rgw.site1`. In this example, the deployment that should be removed is `rgw.site1.zone1`.
```
